[W-10890447] API Manager - create API wizard UI updates (#452)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/building-https-proxy.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> API Manager 2.x enables you to use the secrets you stored in your secret group to build an HTTPS-based API for your CloudHub or hybrid deployments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API Manager 2.x enables you to use the secrets stored in your secret group to build an HTTPS-based API for your CloudHub or hybrid deployments. 
```

Author: will update

By configuring a TLS context for your inbound and outbound traffic, you can ensure your traffic's security.

> The secrets manager integration is only supported by API Proxies running Mule 4, and only for CloudHub, Hybrid, and standalone deployments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The secrets manager integration is supported by API Proxies running Mule 4 in CloudHub, Hybrid, and standalone deployments.
```

Author: will fix

Supported keystores for the TLS context are JCEKS, PKCS12, and JKS.

> To build an HTTPS Proxy in Mule 3 or Runtime Fabric deployment target, see xref:mule-runtime::build-an-https-service.adoc[Build an HTTPS Service].

Reviewer 2: What about HTTPS Proxy in Flex Gateway?

Author: So, you can add a TLS context to Flex Gateway but since Flex is a gateway, there is no proxy. I could add a link to the [TLS context doc](https://docs.mulesoft.com/gateway/flex-conn-tls-config) I just added to the Flex documentation here if you think it would be a good idea.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's true... I think we can leave as it is.

> To build an HTTPS Proxy in Mule 3 or Runtime Fabric deployment target, see xref:mule-runtime::build-an-https-service.adoc[Build an HTTPS Service].

Reviewer: The wording in the first part of the sentence is confusing. Are you building a proxy in a Runtime Fabric deployment target? If so, use "in the Runtime Fabric deployment target."

Author: will fix

== Before You Begin

To configure your HTTPS API Proxy using secrets stored in your secret group, ensure you have:

* Requested the following permissions from your Anypoint Platform admin:
** Secrets Manager permissions +
To configure an existing TLS context for the API Proxy, you need the *Read secrets metadata* permission.
Review the xref:anypoint-security::asm-permission-concept.adoc[Secrets Manager Permissions] reference for more information.
** API Manager permissions +
To apply a TLS context to an API proxy in API Manager, you need the *Manage API Configuration* role.
See the xref:access-management::permissions-by-product.adoc#api-manager[API Manager] section of the Permissions

> by Product page for more information.

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't it be in line 24? 

I'm not sure how it looks with the line break.

Author: The line break shouldn't matter here.

* xref:anypoint-security::asm-secret-group-creation-task.adoc[Created a Secret Group] +
Enable the *Secret Group Downloadable* checkbox.
* xref:anypoint-security::asm-secret-group-creation-task.adoc#add-a-tls-context[Added a TLS Context] +
Set TLS context's target to *Mule*.

== Configure your API

include::partial$task-configure-proxy.adoc[tags=first-steps;target-type;mid-steps;asset-type-options;mid-steps2;raml-oas-version]

. Click *Add TLS Context* for *TLS Context for Outbound traffic*.
.. Select the secret group where you hosted your TLS Context from the *Secret Group* drop-down list.
.. Select your TLS Context for your HTTPS API Proxy from the *TLS Context* drop-down.
+
[NOTE]

> If you can't see a context, check that you have the right permissions mentioned in the prerequisites above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't see a context, check that you have the right permissions, as mentioned in the prerequisites.
```

Author: will update

> . Optionally, if you want to enable SSL for inbound traffic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If you want to enable SSL for inbound traffic:
```

Author: will update

.. Select *HTTPS* for the *Scheme*. +
This makes the *TLS Context for Inbound Traffic* field appear.
.. Select *Add TLS Context*.
.. Select the secret group where you hosted your TLS Context from the *Secret Group* drop-down.
.. Select your TLS Context for your HTTPS API Proxy from the *TLS Context* drop-down.
include::partial$task-configure-proxy.adoc[tags=last-steps]

> 

Reviewer: I would change "This makes the *TLS Context for Inbound Traffic* field appear" to "The TLS Context for Inbound Traffic field appears."

Author: will fix

<tls:trust-store path="outbound-truststore.jks" password="${outbound.truststore.password_281324}" type="JKS" insecure="true"  />
----

=== Deploy to Hybrid

> After you configure your API Proxy and select *Hybrid* as the *Proxy deployment target*, your API Proxy will be automatically deployed, with the secrets already configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you configure your API Proxy and select *Hybrid* as the *Proxy deployment target*, your API Proxy is automatically deployed with the secrets already configured.
```

Author: will update

=== Deploy to Standalone Servers

> To deploy your API Proxy to a standalone server, you need to provide secured properties for each TLS Context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy your API Proxy to a standalone server, provide secured properties for each TLS Context.
```

Author: will update
